Add TimeInstant + explicitAttr tests (func test 533) (#1618)
telefonicaid/iotagent-node-lib: doc/api.md

measure elements that are not defined in the mappings of device or config group, persisting only the one defined in the
mappings of the provision. If `explicitAttrs` is provided both at device and config group level, the device level takes
precedence. Additionally `explicitAttrs` can be used to define which measures (identified by their attribute names, not

> by their object_id) defined in JSON/JEXL array will be propagated to NGSI interface. When `explicitAttrs` is an array or
> and JEXL expression resulting in to Array, if this array is empty then `TimeInstant` is not propaged to CB.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by their object_id) defined in JSON/JEXL array will be propagated to NGSI interface.

Note that when `explicitAttrs` is an array or a JEXL expression resulting in to Array, if this array is empty then `TimeInstant` is not propaged to CB.

```

Reviewer: I think is better in a separate paragraph to make it more relevant.
